This file details the observations and subsequent methodology taken with cracking the Penitentia manuscript.

Observations:
1. The original files are 16 images referred to as 'tables' within this project.
2. Each of the original 16 files is a 12x12 grid of smaller images referred to as 'grids' within this project.
3. Each grid consists of four horizontal bars (as viewed in the original orientation). These are sometimes referred to as 'carrier bars' or 'bars' within this project.
4. In the original orientation, the bottom left corner of the bottom carrier bar is always 'blank' or 'empty'. This may hold the key to cracking the code as some sort of point of reference (e.g. least significant bit, most significant bit).
5. There are 2304 grids in total. Of these, roughly 770 are unique black grids, with roughly 76 unique red grids.
6. As a ratio, it is more common to have multiples of the same red grid within a table than black grids. It is unclear if this is significant or relevant per table.
7. It is not uncommon to encounter a pair of identical black grids followed by a red grid, with the same pattern of grids occuring later in the same table (read left to right, top to bottom in original orientation).
8. Carrier bars in the original orientation can be interpreted to carry 8 binary bits. This can be interpreted by regarding each spine above or below the bar as a bit.
   A 1 would be represented by a black or red spine, with a 0 represented by the lack of a spine. There are four potential spins above and below each bar, giving the possibility that each bar is an 8-bit word, or that each grid is a 32-bit word.
9. Following observation 8, there are no fully 1/0 grids of 32-bits. With 2^32 options of 32-bits and closer to 2^11 unique 32-bit strings, it may be more sensible to look at 8 bit words or particular ways of encoding data in 32-bit strings.
10. The grids do not seem to translate simply in to ASCII characters.

Methodology:

Focusing on observation 8, information has been extracted from each grid to label images with original location, 32-bit word (read left to right, top to bottom from bars), red/black indicator and number of times that 32-bit word occurs.
From this, an initial analysis was performed through WEKA3 in hopes of identifying some simple correlations, ideally a Vigenère cipher. No such correlation was identified, further work understanding how to utilise Weka is required.
